
Notes on changes (RP, 8/98)

1) removed 'end' from almost all routines (causes needless warnings in matlab5)

2) In general, I tried to remove restrictions on orientation and size
   of inputs (i.e. programs can handle scalars and 1- or 2D matrices
   mixed together).

3) added RELHUMID - computes relative humidity from wet/dry thermometers.

4) ALBEDO: Added code to handle negative sunaltitude (night) and atmospheric 
   transmittances >1 (occurs when data "bad")
   
5) added AS_CONSTS: Gathered all constants together in this script (k,g, rho, 
   sea surface emissivity, solar constant etc.). Most programs now 
   call AS_CONSTS first.

6) CDNLP, CDNTC, CDNVE - vectorized the iterative code to compute
   drag coefficients (improves run-time by a factor of about 100 and
   simplifies the code). Standardized iteration scheme. Routines now
   also return u_10 as well as cd_10.
   
7) Renamed CDNVERA to CDNVE (to standardize length of name)

8) Rewrote STRESSLP, STRESSTC, STRESSVE to take full advantage of CDN??
   code (shortens these programs to only a couple of lines by leaving
   iterative work in CDN??, also "standardizes" code as v1.0 seemed to
   have different things happening in CDN or STRESS, depending on what
   drag law was being used.
   
9) Rewrote SPSHFTLP, SPSHFTTC, SPSHFTVE to take full advantage of CDN??
   code (shortens these programs to a few lines), they now also return
   friction velocity as well as shifted speed.

10) BINAVE vectorized. Also, averaging interval does not have to divide
   input vector length exactly - the last bin may be "short".

11) LWHF - Correction for Eppley pyrgeometers made only if DSW given as
    input parameter (for people using other instruments, like me, for 
    which that correction is inappropriate).

12) SATVAP Added a progam to compute saturation vapour pressure (as opposed
    saturation specific humidity in QSAT). 
       
13) BLWHF - Completely redid the bulk long-wave flux stuff, separating the
    long-wave bulk formulas into BLWHF, the cloud corrections into CLOUDCOR,
    and the cloud fraction estimates into REEDCF. For kicks I added all the
    other bulk formulas discussed in Fung et al.

14) CLSKSWR - testing for latitude band now done correctly, comments
    corrected.

15) REEDCF - since no-one else calls CLOUDFAC and NSUNANG, I have moved these
    as subroutines in REEDCF.
    
16) HFBULKTC - Mostly rewritten. Variable names now follow convention
    of Fairall et al (1996). PSITTC and PSIUTC are moved into this
    m-file since no-one else uses them. LKB created to relate roughness
    Reynolds numbers for momentum and heat/humidity. Iteration loop
    simplified. Corrected gustiness code for typos. Output vector now
    matches documentation. Momentum drag dependence on gustiness
    corrected.

17) SUNRISE modified to take vector inputs for time, and also to return
    time of sunset as well as sunrise.  
   
18) WAVEDIST modified to used (newer) CDNVE.

19) README updated, slightly rewritten to make it easier to find things (in
   my opinion)
   
